docs: improve the release process (#219)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-R: MAINTAINERS.md

Maintainers need to perform the following actions **in the order described here** to push out a release.

### ⚠️⚠️ First decide whether to publish on CRAN ⚠️⚠️

> The CRAN policies state (see https://r-pkgs.org/release.html#cran-policies and https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/policies.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CRAN policy states the following:
```

> > Submitting updates should be done responsibly and with respect for the volunteers’ time. Once a package is established (which may take several rounds), “no more than every 1–2 months” seems appropriate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Submitting updates should be done responsibly and with respect for the volunteers’ time. Once a package is established (which may take several rounds), “no more than every 1–2 months” seems appropriate. 
ℹ️ For more information, see https://r-pkgs.org/release.html#cran-policies and https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/policies.html.
```

> However, on our side, we can provide more frequent versions. In this case, do not publish no CRAN. The new version will be available only via an installation from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But on our end, we can provide more frequent releases. In this case, do not publish to CRAN. 
The new version will only be available via an installation from GitHub.
```

### Preparing a CRAN submission with `rhub`

> **NOTES**: only required when we decide to publish to CRAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: required only if we decide to publish to CRAN
```

> Before starting a release, check that the output of `rhub` package is stored in [cran-comments.md](cran-comments.md) (the recent output is at the top of the file, and the oldest at the bottom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting a release, check that the output of the `rhub` package is stored in [cran-comments.md](cran-comments.md) (the most recent output is at the top of the file, and the oldest at the bottom).
```

- In the release description (check previous releases as a source of inspiration)
  - If the bpmn-visualization TypeScript library was updated, add a phrase about it (for example, see [Release 0.3.0](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-R/releases/tag/v0.3.0) for instance.): `The bpmnVisualizationR package now uses [bpmn-visualization@0.29.0](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/releases/tag/v0.29.0).`
  - Put screenshots/gif of the new features.

>   - If the package is not published on CRAN (see the 1st paragraph of the release process), please specify it by adding a sentence in bold! The sentence should explain why the new version is not available on CRAN and remind to install it using GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the package is not published on CRAN (see the 1st paragraph of the release process), please specify this by adding a sentence in bold! 
The sentence should explain why the new version is not available on CRAN. It should also remind people to install it from GitHub.
```

- At any time, you can save the draft.
- **Only when you are done**:
  - Assign the tag of the new version as release target and save the draft (doing it as later as possible ensure that `release-drafter` doesn't interfer with the writing of the Release Notes)
  - Publish the release.

### Publish the new version on CRAN

> **NOTES**: only required when we decide to publish to CRAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: required only if we decide to publish to CRAN
```
